Issue#59: Adding description for GatorMiner features (#69)
Allegheny-Ethical-CS/GatorMiner: docs/frequency-analysis/frequency-analysis-question.md

> The "question" type of frequency analysis will allows an user of GatorMinor to select questions in an assignment. 
> An user can select one questions or as many questions as they want.
> The output will display the most used words, for an answer, to a question that is selected.
> It will display the information in the same fashion as other types of frequency analysis and this can be useful when a GatorMinor user wants to see if submissions are understanding a certain questions or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This type of frequency analysis focuses on comparing the word frequency across
specific question(s) in the assignment, regardless of the student using them. 
Selecting multiple questions creates a graph for each one where the frequency is displayed.
This type of analysis can be useful to check if students are using the correct terminology to answer
each question and that the question is clear.
```
